rewrite and restructure caddy community container README (#8516)
nextcloud/all-in-one: community-containers/caddy/readme.md

# Caddy community container

This container bundles [caddy](https://caddyserver.com/) and auto-configures it for you as a reverse proxy. It automatically obtains SSL certificates from let's encrypt

> [!Caution]
> - This container is incompatible with the [npmplus](https://github.com/nextcloud/all-in-one/tree/main/community-containers/npmplus) community container. So make sure that you do not enable both at the same time!
> - Make sure that no other service is using port 443/tcp on your host as otherwise the containers will fail to start. You can check this with `sudo netstat -tulpn | grep 443` before installing this container
> - the default `admin` user needs to be present, i.e. it can not be deleted because caddy configuration can be done there. 

## Supported community containers

This container configures subdomains for a number of community containers. 

> [!Note]

> > - You need to set the correct CNAME or A/AAAA DNS records for your domain to get this working.

Reviewer: One last suggestion
```suggestion
> - You need to set the correct CNAME records for the subdomains to point at `your-nc-domain.com` to get this working.
```

Author: Can we discuss that suggestion? 

My suggestion was

>You need to set the correct CNAME or A/AAAA DNS records 

A/AAAA is the right approach if I have a dedicated domain that should point to my dedicated server. If we scratch A/AAAA records it could lead to misunderstandings in these cases. 

And I am not too happy with this because if someone does not understand DNS, it could lead to foreign traffic being directed to the actual domain `your-nc-domain.com`

>point at `your-nc-domain.com` to get this working.

Maybe we can write the following: 

You need to set the correct CNAME or A/AAAA DNS records for the following subdomains

and then the table. What do you think?

Reviewer: Yeah but it is important to also mention where it needs to point to from my pov...

Author: alright: 

> You need to set the correct CNAME or A/AAAA DNS records for the subdomains you want to use
> Example: your domain is `your-nc-domain.com`, so you need to set DNS records for all subdomains of this domain.

Reviewer: Ok and we should also mention where the a/aaa or cname records need to point to imho

Author: > You need to set the correct DNS records for this to work
> Example: 
> - your domain is `your-nc-domain.com`,
> - you want to use the stalwart container
> - so you need to set CNAME or A/AAAA DNS records for the subdomains `mail.your-nc-domain.com` to point to your nextcloud AIO server
> - caddy will do the rest and make stalwart available without any additional configuration

Reviewer: Maybe:

> You need to set the correct DNS records for this to work
> Example: 
> - Your domain is `your-nc-domain.com` and you want to use the vaultwarden container.
> - Then you need to set CNAME record for the subdomain `bw.your-nc-domain.com` to point at your main `your-nc-domain.com`.
> - Alternatively, you can configure the A/AAAA records of `your-nc-domain.com` to point at the public IP-address of your Nextcloud AIO server.

Author: done.

 - download the `GeoLite2-Country.mmdb` from there and upload it with this exact name into the `nextcloud-aio-caddy` folder.
 - Afterwards restart all containers from the AIO interface and your new config should be active

> [!Warning]
> - no entry in that file disables blocking
> - Private ip-ranges are always allowed.

## IP allow lists

 - Some containers allow for setting allowed IP addresses
 - This way you can secure administration interfaces from the external access
 - After the container was started the first time, log in as default `admin` user. You should see a new `nextcloud-aio-caddy` folder
 - put one of the following files there with the allowed IPs
     - allowed-IPs-vaultwarden.txt
     - allowed-IPs-stalwart.txt
     - allowed-IPs-lldap.txt
 - In there you can adjust the allowed IPs by adding them to the first line, e.g. `11.22.33.44 192.168.1.0/24` will allow access from those IPs

> [!Warning]
> - missing files or no entries in that file means no IP restriction is applied

## Authentication

- Some containers have randomly created access passwords for additional security
- Those secrets will be shown in the AIO interface after installation

> ## supported community containers

Reviewer: I think supported community containers should be the first section after the introduction.

Reviewer: Also please change:

```suggestion
## Supported community containers
```

Author: I thought of that. But to understand the table, you need to have the written information. But I can live with everything.

Reviewer: > I think supported community containers should be the first section after the introduction.

@derStephan can you please do so? :)

Author: done.

| [nextcloud-exporter](https://github.com/nextcloud/all-in-one/tree/main/community-containers/nextcloud-exporter)     | `metrics.your-nc-domain.com`     | ✅           |               | ✅             |
| [nocodb](https://github.com/nextcloud/all-in-one/tree/main/community-containers/nocodb)                             | `tables.your-nc-domain.com`      | ✅           |               |                |
| [seerr](https://github.com/nextcloud/all-in-one/tree/main/community-containers/jellyseerr)                          | `requests.your-nc-domain.com`    | ✅           |               |                |
| [stalwart](https://github.com/nextcloud/all-in-one/tree/main/community-containers/stalwart)                         | `mail.your-nc-domain.com`        | ✅           | ✅            |                |
| [vaultwarden](https://github.com/nextcloud/all-in-one/tree/main/community-containers/vaultwarden)                   | `bw.your-nc-domain.com`          | ✅           | ✅            |                |

> ## custom configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Custom configuration
```

Simple example for a custom configuration:

```
https://subdomain.your-nc-domain.com:443 {
    # actual redirection to port 1234 of container testme
    reverse_proxy testme:1234
    # TLS options
    tls {
        issuer acme {
            disable_http_challenge
        }
    }
}
```

More complex example for a custom configuration:
```
https://subdomain.your-nc-domain.com:443 {

    # Geofilter will be added by caddy in the next line, if you keep it
    # import GEOFILTER

    # own IP filter for that configuration, only those are allowed
    @public_networks not remote_ip 11.22.33.44 192.168.1.0/24
        respond @public_networks 403 {
            close
        }

    # actual redirection to port 1234 of container testme
    reverse_proxy testme:1234

    # TLS options
    tls {
        issuer acme {
            disable_http_challenge
        }
    }

    # own username and password for that configuration
    # password is hashed by bcrypt algorithm
    basic_auth {
        # Username "Bob", password "hiccup"
        Bob $2a$14$Zkx19XLiW6VYouLHR5NmfOFU0z2GTNmpkT/5qqR7hx4IjWJPDhjvG
    }
}
```

> ## running caddy behind a proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running caddy behind a proxy
```

| [nocodb](https://github.com/nextcloud/all-in-one/tree/main/community-containers/nocodb)                             | `tables.your-nc-domain.com`      | ✅           |               |                |
| [seerr](https://github.com/nextcloud/all-in-one/tree/main/community-containers/jellyseerr)                          | `requests.your-nc-domain.com`    | ✅           |               |                |
| [stalwart](https://github.com/nextcloud/all-in-one/tree/main/community-containers/stalwart)                         | `mail.your-nc-domain.com`        | ✅           | ✅            |                |
| [vaultwarden](https://github.com/nextcloud/all-in-one/tree/main/community-containers/vaultwarden)                   | `bw.your-nc-domain.com`          | ✅           | ✅            |                |

> [!Important]
> You need to set the correct DNS records for this to work!
> 
> Example:
> - Your domain is your-nc-domain.com and you want to use the vaultwarden container.
> - Then you need to set CNAME record for the subdomain bw.your-nc-domain.com to point at your main your-nc-domain.com.

> > - Alternatively, you can configure the A/AAAA records of your-nc-domain.com to point at the public IP-address of your Nextcloud AIO server.

Reviewer: this note should be above the list of supported containers as it was before imho

Author: done.

> > - Alternatively, you can configure the A/AAAA records of your-nc-domain.com to point at the public IP-address of your Nextcloud AIO server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Your domain is `your-nc-domain.com` and you want to use the vaultwarden container.
> - Then you need to set CNAME record for the subdomain `bw.your-nc-domain.com` to point at your main `your-nc-domain.com`.
> - Alternatively, you can configure the A/AAAA records of `your-nc-domain.com` to point at the public IP-address of your Nextcloud AIO server.
```

Author: already corrected in my last commit.
